Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- What are your initial impressions of how `Association` affectes your programming?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

My initial impressions of Association is that it allows you to break up an entity, like the scarecrow, into individual pieces that you can then assemble in one place instead of writing one very long class that contains all of these components. This is far easier to manage and allows you to think of your program as a collection of parts that work together and have different functions. Taking into consideration the relationship that the different classes will have with each other also leads to thinking about how to configure each class to facilitate this relationship, like the banner class to the scarecrow class.

I found that implementing the ASCII for each part of the scarecrow and assembling the scarecrow class was very straightforward and a good refresher on how to set up the constructors and methods of different classes. 
When configuring the Banner to resize with the message length, I wanted to use the length() method to create an int variable mLength that I could reuse in the print statements, but I was encountering a lot of errors when trying to do this so I resorted to calling the length() method on the variable message in each line. I'd like to figure out what went wrong here for my future self, but as of now I only have the other solution at hand.

I was also struggling when trying to get the command line argument passed into the banner, and I wasn't sure how to set up for the constructor for the Scarecrow class. I wasn't sure if the "message" should be a parameter of the Scarecrow's constructor, or just one of its attributes that was passed into the Scarecrow's banner. The solution I eventually settled on was to add a line after "myScarecrow.message = args[0];", which would store the command line message if one was passed in. The line I added was "myScarecrow.sign = new Banner(myScarecrow.message);", which creates a new banner to replace the one made when the constructor was called a few lines prior which was made using the default message. Because the Banner object "sign" is created when the constructor for Scarecrow is called, the "sign" that gets displayed will have the original value even after myScarecrow.message has been updated with the message from the command line, because the sign object was already given the default message. I would like to revisit this assignment perhaps after discussing with my classmates to improve this solution.
I would reccomend another student working on this assignment to experiment and not be afraid to mess with their code so that they can see how these parts all work together. I think if I had a little less trepidation about moving stuff around I would've fixed some of the messier parts of my program and also progressed much faster.